Add login-callback hook and authProvider optional new `handleLoginCalback` method (#8457)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Admin.md

- [`theme`](#theme)
- [`layout`](#layout)
- [`loginPage`](#loginpage)

> - [`loginCallbackPage`](#logincallbackpage)

Reviewer: bad name/anchor

**Tip**: Before considering writing your own login page component, please take a look at how to change the default [background image](./Theming.md#using-a-custom-login-page) or the [MUI theme](#theme). See the [Authentication documentation](./Authentication.md#customizing-the-login-component) for more details.

## `loginCallbackPage`

> If you want to customize the LoginCallback page, pass a component of your own as the `loginCallbackPage` prop. React-admin will display this component whenever the `/login-callback` route is called.

Reviewer 2: I would introduce this paragraph with a short usage context

```suggestion
Used for external authentication services callbacks, the LoginCallback page can be customized by passing a component of your own as the `loginCallbackPage` prop. React-admin will display this component whenever the `/login-callback` route is called.
```

```jsx
import MyLoginCallbackPage from './MyLoginCallbackPage';

const App = () => (
    <Admin loginCallbackPage={MyLoginCallbackPage}>
        ...
    </Admin>
);
```

> You can also disable it completely along with the `/login-callback` route by passing `false` to this prop.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we say it is the default value?

```suggestion
You can also disable it completely along with the `/login-callback` route by passing `false` to this prop. This corresponds to the default setting.
```

Author: I don't get this addition

Author: It is not the default value
